quote	title	from	order
Let's get down to business to defeat the Huns.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	1
Did they send me daughters when I asked for sons?	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	2
You're the saddest bunch I ever met.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	3
But you can bet before we're through: mister, I'll make a man out of you.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	4
Tranquil as a forest, but a fire within.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	5
Once you find your centre, you are sure to win.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	6
You're a spineless, pale, pathetic lot, and you haven't got a clue.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	7
Somehow, I'll make a man out of you.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	8
I'm never gonna catch my breath!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	9
Say goodbye to those who knew me!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	10
Boy, was I a fool in school for cutting gym!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	11
This guy's got 'em scared to death!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	12
Hope he doesn't see right through me!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	13
Now, I really wish that I knew how to swim!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	14
You must be swift as a coursing river,	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	15
With all the force of a great typhoon,	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	16
With all the strength of a raging fire,	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	17
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon!	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	18
Time is racing toward us 'til the Huns arrive.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	19
Heed my every order, and you /might/ survive.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	20
You're unsuited for the rage of war, so pack up; go home -- you're through.	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	21
How could I make a man out of you?	I'll Make a Man Out of You	Mulan	22
This is what you give me to work with? Well, honey, I've seen worse.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	1
We're gonna turn this sow's ear into a silk purse.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	2
We'll have you washed and dried, primped and polished 'til you glow with pride.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	3
Trust my recipe for instant bride: you'll bring honour to us all.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	4
Wait and see: when we're through, boys will gladly go to war for you.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	5
With good fortune and a great hairdo, you'll bring honour to us all.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	6
A girl can bring her family great honour in one way: by striking a good match, and this could be the day!	Honour to Us All	Mulan	7
Men want girls with good taste -- calm, obedient -- who work fast-paced.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	8
With good breeding and a tiny waist, you'll bring honour to us all.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	9
We all must serve our emperor, who guards us from the Huns.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	10
A man by bearing arms; a girl by bearing sons.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	11
When we're through, you can't fail.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	12
Like a lotus blossom, soft and pale.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	13
How could any fellow say, "No sale"?	Honour to Us All	Mulan	14
You'll bring honour to us all.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	15
Beads of jade for beauty: you must proudly show it.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	16
Now, add a cricket just for luck, and even you can't blow it!	Honour to Us All	Mulan	17
Ancestors, hear my plea: help me not to make a fool of me.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	18
And to not uproot my family tree, keep my father standing tall.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	19
Scarier than the undertaker, we are meeting our matchmaker!	Honour to Us All	Mulan	20
Destiny, guard our girls and our future as it fast unfurls.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	21
Please look kindly on these cultured pearls, each a perfect porcelain doll.	Honour to Us All	Mulan	22
Please bring honour to us, please bring honour to us	Honour to Us All	Mulan	23
Please bring honour to us all!	Honour to Us All	Mulan	24
Look at me: I may never pass for a perfect bride, or a perfect daughter.	Reflection	Mulan	1
Can it be I'm not meant to play this part?	Reflection	Mulan	2
Now I see that if I were truly to be myself, I would break my family's heart.	Reflection	Mulan	3
Who is that girl I see staring straight back at me?	Reflection	Mulan	4
Why is my reflection someone I don't know?	Reflection	Mulan	5
Who is that perfect bride? It's not me, though I've tried.	Reflection	Mulan	6
When will my reflection show who I am inside?	Reflection	Mulan	7
How I pray that a time will come I can free myself from their expectations.	Reflection	Mulan	8
On that day, I'll discover some way to be myself, and to make my family proud.	Reflection	Mulan	9
They want a docile lamb. No-one knows who I am.	Reflection	Mulan	10
Must there be a secret me I'm forced to hide?	Reflection	Mulan	11
Must I pretend that I am someone else for all time?	Reflection	Mulan	12
For a long time, we've been marching off to battle.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	1
In our thundering herd, we feel a lot like cattle.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	2
Like the pounding beat, our aching feet aren't easy to ignore.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	3
Hey! Think of, instead, a girl worth fighting for.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	4
That's what I said: a girl worth fighting for.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	5
I want her paler than the moon with eyes that shine like stars.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	6
My girl will marvel at my strength, adore my battle scars.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	7
I couldn't care less what she'll wear, or what she looks like.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	8
It all depends on what she cooks, like beef, pork, chicken -- mmm!	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	9
Bet the local girls thought you were quite the charmer.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	10
And I'll bet the ladies love a man in armour.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	11
You can guess what we have missed the most since we went off to war.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	12
What do we want? A girl worth fighting for!	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	13
My girl will think I have no faults, that I'm a major find.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	14
Uh ... how 'bout a girl who's got a brain, who always ... speaks her mind?	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	15
My manly ways and turn of phrase are sure to thrill her!	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	16
He thinks he's such a lady killer.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	17
I've a girl back home who's unlike any other!	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	18
Yeah, the only girl who'd love him is his mother.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	19
But when we come home in victory, they'll line up at the door!	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	20
Wish that I had a girl worth fighting for.	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	21
A girl worth fighting -- !	A Girl Worth Fighting For	Mulan	22
Born of cold and winter air and mountain rain combining, this icy force, both foul and fair, has a frozen heart worth mining.	Frozen Heart	Frozen	1
So cut through the heart, cold and clear. Strike for love and strike for fear.	Frozen Heart	Frozen	2
See the beauty, sharp and sheer.	Frozen Heart	Frozen	3
Split the ice apart, and break the frozen heart!	Frozen Heart	Frozen	4
Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go!	Frozen Heart	Frozen	5
Beautiful! Powerful! Dangerous! Cold!	Frozen Heart	Frozen	6
Ice has a magic, can't be controlled.	Frozen Heart	Frozen	7
Stronger than one! Stronger than ten! Stronger than a hundred men!{ Hyup!}	Frozen Heart	Frozen	8
Beware the frozen heart ...	Frozen Heart	Frozen	9
{Elsa? }Do you want to build a snowman? Come on, let's go and play!	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	1
I never see you anymore. Come out the door. It's like you've gone away!	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	2
We used to be best buddies, and now we're not. I wish you would tell me why!	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	3
Do you want to build a snowman? It doesn't have to be a snowman ...	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	4
Okay, bye ...	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	5
Do you want to build a snowman? Or ride our bike around the halls?	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	6
I think some company is overdue: I've started talking to the pictures on the walls!	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	7
It gets a little lonely, all these empty rooms. Just watching the hours tick by!	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	8
{Elsa, }please, I know you're in there.	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	9
People are asking where you've been.	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	10
They say, "have courage", and I'm trying to; I'm right out here for you. Just let me in.	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	11
We only have each other. It's just you and me. What are we gonna do?	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	12
Do you ... want to build a snowman?	Do You Want to Build a Snowman?	Frozen	13
The window is open; so's that door! I didn't know they did that anymore!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	1
Who knew we owned eight thousand salad plates?	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	2
For years, I've roamed these empty halls. Why have a ball room with no balls?	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	3
Finally, they're opening up the gates!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	4
There'll be actual, real, live people -- it'll be totally strange. But wow, am I so ready for this change!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	5
Cause for the first time in forever, there'll be music, there'll be light!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	6
For the first time in forever, I'll be dancing through the night!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	7
Don't know if I'm elated or gassy, but I'm somewhere in that zone!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	8
Cause for the first time in forever, I won't be alone.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	9
Tonight, imagine me, gown and all, fetchingly draped against the wall -- the picture of sophisticated grace.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	10
{Ooh! }I suddenly see him standing there: a beautiful stranger, tall and fair.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	11
I wanna stuff some chocolate in my face!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	12
But then we laugh and talk all evening, which is totally bizarre -- nothing like the life I've led so far!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	13
For the first time in forever, there'll be magic, there'll be fun!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	14
For the first time in forever, I could be noticed by someone!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	15
And I know it is totally crazy to dream I'd find romance ...	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	16
But for the first time in forever ... at least I've got a chance.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	17
Don't let them in. Don't let them see. Be the good girl you always have to be.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	18
Conceal. Don't feel. Put on a show -- make one wrong move and everyone will know.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	19
But it's only for today.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	20
It's only for today!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	21
It's agony to wait.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	22
It's agony to wait!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	23
Tell the guards to open up ... the gate!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	24
For the first time in forever, I'm getting what I'm dreaming of!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	25
Don't let them in; don't let them see.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	26
Be the good girl you always have to be.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	27
A chance to change my lonely world ... a chance to find true love!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	28
Conceal ... conceal, don't feel, don't let them know.	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	29
I know it all ends tomorrow, so it has to be today!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	30
Cause for the first time in forever ... for the first time in forever, nothing's in my way!	For the First Time in Forever	Frozen	31
Ok, can I just ... say something crazy?	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	1
I love crazy.	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	2
All my life has been a series of doors in my face, and then, suddenly, I bump into you.	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	3
{I was thinking the same thing! 'Cause like, }I've been searching my whole life to find my own place, and maybe it's the party talking, or the chocolate fondue ...	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	4
But with you ...	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	5
But with you, I found my place.	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	6
I see your face.	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	7
And it's nothing like I've ever known before! Love is an open door!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	8
Love is an open ... door!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	9
Love is an open door with you!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	10
With you! Love is an open door ...	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	11
I mean it's crazy ...	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	12
We finish each other's --	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	13
That's what I was gonna say!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	14
I've never met someone who thinks so much like me!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	15
Our mental synchronization can have but one explanation:	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	16
Say goodbye to the pain of the past -- we don't have to feel it anymore!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	17
Love is an open door!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	18
Love is an open ... door! Life can be so much more with you!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	19
With you! Love is an open ... dooo-oo-or ...	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	20
Can I just something crazy? ... will you marry me?	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	21
Can I say something even crazier? ... yes!	Love is an Open Door	Frozen	22
The snow glows white on the mountain tonight -- not a footprint to be seen.	Let It Go	Frozen	1
A kingdom of isolation, and it looks like I'm the queen.	Let It Go	Frozen	2
The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside	Let It Go	Frozen	3
Couldn't keep it in -- heaven knows I tried.	Let It Go	Frozen	4
Don't let them in, don't let them see. Be the good girl you always have to be!	Let It Go	Frozen	5
Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know ... well, now, they know!	Let It Go	Frozen	6
Let it go ... let it go! Can't hold it back anymore.	Let It Go	Frozen	7
Let it go ... let it go! Turn away and slam the door!	Let It Go	Frozen	8
I don't care what they're going to say!	Let It Go	Frozen	9
Let the storm rage on -- the cold never bothered me, anyway.	Let It Go	Frozen	10
It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small.	Let It Go	Frozen	11
And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all!	Let It Go	Frozen	12
It's time to see what I can do -- to test the limits and break through.	Let It Go	Frozen	13
No right, no wrong, no rules for me -- I'm free!	Let It Go	Frozen	14
Let it go, let it go! I'm one with the wind and sky!	Let It Go	Frozen	15
Let it go, let it go! You'll never see me cry!	Let It Go	Frozen	16
Here I stand, and here I stay ... let the storm rage on.	Let It Go	Frozen	17
My power flurries through the air into the ground!	Let It Go	Frozen	18
My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around!	Let It Go	Frozen	19
And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast!	Let It Go	Frozen	20
I'm never going back -- the past is in the past!	Let It Go	Frozen	21
Let it go! Let it go, and I'll rise like the break of dawn.	Let It Go	Frozen	22
Let it go, let it go! That perfect girl is gone!	Let It Go	Frozen	23
Here I stand in the light of day ... let the storm rage on!	Let It Go	Frozen	24
... the cold never bothered me, anyway.	Let It Go	Frozen	25
Reindeers are better than people. Sven, don't you think that's true?	Reindeer(s) Are Better Than People	Frozen	1
Yeah, people will beat you, and curse you, and cheat you. Everyone of 'em's bad, except you.	Reindeer(s) Are Better Than People	Frozen	2
But people smell better than reindeers. Sven, don't you think I'm right?	Reindeer(s) Are Better Than People	Frozen	3
That's once again true, for all except you.	Reindeer(s) Are Better Than People	Frozen	4
You got me. Let's call it a night ... don't let the frostbite bite ...	Reindeer(s) Are Better Than People	Frozen	5
What's the issue, dear? Why are you holding back on such a man?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	1
Is it the clumpy way he walks?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	2
Or the grumpy way he talks?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	3
Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped weirdness of his feet?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	4
And though we know he washes well, he always ends up sort of smelly.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	5
But you'll never meet a fellow who's as sensitive and sweet!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	6
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper. So he's got a few flaws	Fixer Upper	Frozen	7
Like his peculiar brain, dear, his thing with the reindeer that's a little outside of nature's laws!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	8
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, but this we're certain of: you can fix this fixer-upper up with a little bit of love!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	9
Can we please just stop talking about this? We've got a real, actual problem here.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	10
I'll say! So tell me, dear, is it the way that he runs scared?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	11
Is it the way that he runs scared, or that he's socially impaired, or that he only likes to tinkle in the woods? ... what?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	12
Are you holding back your fondness due to his unmanly blondness, or the way he covers up that he's the honest goods?	Fixer Upper	Frozen	13
He's a bit of a fixer-upper; he's got a couple of bugs.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	14
His isolation is confirmation of his desperation for human hugs!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	15
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, but we know what to do! The way to fix this fixxer-upper is to fix him up with you!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	16
... so she's a bit of a fixer-upper -- that's a minor thing.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	17
Her quote "engagement" is a flex arrangement, and by the way, I don't see no ring!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	18
So she's a bit of a fixer-upper: her brain's a bit betwixt!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	19
Get the fiance out of the way and the whole thing will be fixed!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	20
But we're not saying you can change him, 'cause people don't really change.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	21
We’re only saying that love's a force that's powerful and strange.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	22
People make bad choices if they’re mad, or scared, or stressed.	Fixer Upper	Frozen	23
Throw a little love their way! And you'll bring out the best -- true love brings out the best!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	24
Everyone's a bit of a fixer upper -- that's what it's all about!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	25
Father! Sister! Brother! We need each other to raise us up and round us out!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	26
Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper, but when push comes to shove ...	Fixer Upper	Frozen	27
The onlt fixer-upper fixer that can fix up a fixer-upper is true! True! True, true, true! Love! True love!	Fixer Upper	Frozen	28
Love, love, love, love, love! Love, love! True love! True ...	Fixer Upper	Frozen	29
7 AM, the usual morning lineup. Start on the chores and sweep 'til the floor's all clean.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	1
Polish and wax, do laundry, and mop and shine up	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	2
Sweep again, and by then, it's like 7:15!	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	3
And so I'll read a book, or maybe two, or three.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	4
I'll add a few new paintings to my gallery.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	5
I'll play guitar, and knit, and cook, and basically just wonder when will my life begin?	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	6
Then after lunch, it's puzzles and darts and baking ...	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	7
Paper mache, a bit of ballet, and chess ...	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	8
Pottery and ventriloquy, candle making ...	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	9
Then I'll stretch, maybe sketch, take a climb, sew a dress!	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	10
And I'll re-read the books if have time to spare.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	11
I'll paint the walls some more -- I'm sure there's room somewhere!	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	12
And then I'll brush, and brush, and brush, and brush my hair, stuck in the same place I've always been.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	13
And I'll keep wonderin', and wonderin', and wonderin', and wonderin', "When will my life begin?"	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	14
And tomorrow night, the lights will appear, just like they do on my birthday each year.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	15
What is it like out there where they glow?	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	16
Now that I'm older, mother might just ... let me go.	When Will My Life Begin?	Tangled	17
I've got my mother's love -- I shouldn't ask for more.	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 1)	Tangled	1
I've got so many things I should be thankful for.	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 1)	Tangled	2
Yes, I have everything, except, I guess, a door.	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 1)	Tangled	3
Perhaps it's better that I stay in, but tell me ... when will my life begin?	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 1)	Tangled	4
Look at the world so close, and I'm halfway to it!	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	1
Look at it all so big -- do I even dare?	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	2
Look at me, there at last! I just have to do it.	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	3
Should I? ... no. Here I go.	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	4
Just smell the grass, the dirt, just like I'd dreamed they'd be!	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	5
Just feel that summer breeze, the way it's calling me!	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	6
For, like, the first time ever, I'm completely free!	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	7
I could go running, and racing, and dancing, and chasing ...	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	8
... and leaping, and bounding, hair flying, heart pounding ...	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	9
... and splashing, and reeling, and finally feeling that's when my life begins!	When Will My Life Begin? (Reprise 2)	Tangled	10
Oh, hallowed halls and vine-draped walls: the proudest sight there is!	Dear Old Shiz	Wicked	1
When grey and sere our hair hath turned, we shall still rever the lessons learned	Dear Old Shiz	Wicked	2
In our days at dear old Shiz	Dear Old Shiz	Wicked	3
Our days at dear old ...	Dear Old Shiz	Wicked	4
Dear old Shizzzzz ...	Dear Old Shiz	Wicked	5
Elphaba, why couldn't you stay calm for once, instead of flying off the handle?	Defying Gravity	Wicked	1
I hope you're happy. I hope you're happy now.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	2
I hope you're happy how you've hurt your cause forever. I hope you think you're clever!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	3
I hope you're happy. I hope you're happy, too!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	4
I hope you're proud how you would grovel in submission to feed your own ambition!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	5
So though I can't imagine how, I hope you're happy ... right ... now.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	6
You can still be with the Wizard, what you've worked and waited for. You can have all you've ever wanted ...	Defying Gravity	Wicked	7
I know. But I don't want it. ... no. I can't want it, anymore. 	Defying Gravity	Wicked	8
Something has changed within me. Something is not the same.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	9
I'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game ...	Defying Gravity	Wicked	10
Too late for second guessing. Too late to go back to sleep.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	11
It's time to trust my instincts, close my eyes ... and leap!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	12
It's time to try defying gravity. I think I'll try defying gravity, and you can't me pull me down!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	13
Can't I make you understand? You're having delusions of grandeur!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	14
I'm through accepting limits 'cause someone says they're so.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	15
Some things I cannot change, but 'til I try I'll never know!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	16
Too long I've been afraid of losing love I guess I've lost. Well if that's love, it comes at much too high a cost!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	17
I'd sooner buy defying gravity. Kiss me goodbye, I'm defying gravity. And you can't pull me down!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	18
Unlimited. Together we're unlimited. Together we'll be the greatest team there's ever been.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	19
Dreams the way we've planned 'em. If we work in tandem ... there's no fight we cannot win!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	20
Just you and I defying gravity! With you and I defying gravity, they'll never bring us down.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	21
I hope you're happy, now that you're choosing this.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	22
I really hope you get it, and that you don't live to regret it!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	23
I hope you're happy in the end! I hope you're happy ... my ... friend!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	24
So if you care to find me, look to western sky!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	25
As someone told me lately, "Everyone deserves a chance to fly!"	Defying Gravity	Wicked	26
And if I'm flying solo, at least I'm flying free!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	27
To those who'd ground me, take a message back from me!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	28
Tell them how I am defying gravity!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	29
I'm flying high defying gravity! And soon I'll match them in renown.	Defying Gravity	Wicked	30
And nobody in all of Oz, no Wizard that there is or was, is ever gonna bring me down!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	31
Look at her: she's wicked! Get her!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	32
Bring me down!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	33
No one mourns the wicked! So we've got to bring her ... DOWN!	Defying Gravity	Wicked	34
Whenever I see someone less fortunate than I ...	Popular	Wicked	1
And let's face it -- who isn't less fortunate than I?	Popular	Wicked	2
My tender heart tends to start to bleed.	Popular	Wicked	3
And when someone needs a makeover, I simply have to take over.	Popular	Wicked	4
I know, I know, exactly what they need.	Popular	Wicked	5
And even in your case ... though it's the toughest case I've yet to face, don't worry! I'm determined to succeed!	Popular	Wicked	6
Don't worry! I'm determined to succeed!	Popular	Wicked	7
Follow my lead, and yes, indeed.	Popular	Wicked	8
You ... will ... be ... popular!	Popular	Wicked	9
You're gonna be popular!	Popular	Wicked	10
I'll teach you the proper poise when you talk to boys, little ways to flirt and flounce! Ooh!	Popular	Wicked	11
I'll show you what shoes to wear, how to fix your hair -- everything that really counts to be popular.	Popular	Wicked	12
I'll help you be popular!	Popular	Wicked	13
You'll hang with the right cohorts, you'll be good at sports, know the slang you've got to know!	Popular	Wicked	14
So let's start, 'cause you've got an awfully long way to go ...	Popular	Wicked	15
Don't be offended by my frank analysis: think of it as personality dialysis!	Popular	Wicked	16
Now that I've chosen to become a pal, a sis ... ter and advisor, there's nobody wiser! Not when it comes to popular.	Popular	Wicked	17
I know about popular.	Popular	Wicked	18
And with an assist from me to be who you'll be,	Popular	Wicked	19
Instead of dreary who-you-were. Well, are.	Popular	Wicked	20
There's nothing that can stop you from becoming popu-ler ... lar!	Popular	Wicked	21
La, la! La, la. We're gonna make you popular.	Popular	Wicked	22
When I see depressing creatures with unprepossessing features, I remind them on their own behalf. To. Think. Of.	Popular	Wicked	23
Think. Of. Celebrated heads of state or especially great communicators: did they have brains or knowledge? Don't make me laugh!	Popular	Wicked	24
Did they have brains or knowledge? Don't make me laugh!	Popular	Wicked	25
They were popular! Please. It's all about popular!	Popular	Wicked	26
It's not about aptitude; it's the way you're viewed, so it's very shrewd to be ... very, very popular like me!	Popular	Wicked	27
You're welcome! And though you protest your disinterest, I know clandestinely ...	Popular	Wicked	28
You're gonna grin and bear it, your newfound popularity!	Popular	Wicked	29
La, la! La, la! You'll be popular! Just not quite as popular ... as ... me!	Popular	Wicked	30
Many years I have waited for a gift like yours to appear.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	1
Why, I predict the Wizard could make you his magic grand vizier!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	2
My dear, my dear ... I'll write at once to the Wizard, tell him of you in advance.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	3
With a talent like yours, dear,	The Wizard and I	Wicked	4
There is a defin-ish chance, if you work as you should, you'll be making good ...	The Wizard and I	Wicked	5
Did that really just happen?	The Wizard and I	Wicked	6
Have I actually understood?	The Wizard and I	Wicked	7
This weird quirk I've tried to suppress or hide is a talent ...	The Wizard and I	Wicked	8
That could ... help me meet the Wizard! If I make good.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	9
So I'll make ... good ...	The Wizard and I	Wicked	10
When I meet the Wizard, once I prove my worth ...	The Wizard and I	Wicked	11
And then I meet the Wizard: what I've waited for since -- since birth!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	12
And with all his Wizard wisdom, by my looks, he won't be blinded.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	13
Do you think the Wizard is dumb, or like Munchkins, so-small-minded? No.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	14
He'll say to me, "I see who you truly are: a girl on whom I can rely!"	The Wizard and I	Wicked	15
And that's how we'll begin, the Wizard and I.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	16
Once I'm with the Wizard, my whole life will change.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	17
Cause once you're with the Wizard, no one thinks you're strange!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	18
No father is not proud of you. No sister acts ashamed.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	19
And all of Oz has to love you when by the Wizard, you're acclaimed.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	20
And this gift or this curse I have inside, maybe at last I'll know why, when we are hand in hand -- the Wizard and I!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	21
And one day, he'll say to me, "Elphaba, a girl who is so superior, shouldn't a girl who's so good inside have a matching exterior?"	The Wizard and I	Wicked	22
"And since folks here, to an absurd degree, seem fixated on your verdigris, would it be alright by you if I ... de-greenify you?"	The Wizard and I	Wicked	23
And though, of course, that's not important to me ...	The Wizard and I	Wicked	24
"Alright, why not?" I'll reply.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	25
Oh, what a pair we'll be, the Wizard and I.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	26
Yes, what a pair we'll be, the Wizard and ...	The Wizard and I	Wicked	27
Unlimited. My future is unlimited.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	28
And I've just had a vision almost like a prophecy ... I know.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	29
It sounds truly crazy. And true, the vision's hazy.	The Wizard and I	Wicked	30
But I swear, someday there'll be ... a celebration throughout Oz that's all to do ... with me!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	31
And I'll stand there with the Wizard, feeling things I've never felt!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	32
And though I'd never show it, I'll be so happy I could melt!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	33
And so it will be for the rest of my life, and I'll want nothing else 'til I die!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	34
Held in such high esteem. When people see me, they will scream ... for half of Oz's favourite teeeaaaaam!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	35
The Wizard ... and I!	The Wizard and I	Wicked	36
Is this the real life?	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	1
Is this just fantasy?	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	2
Caught in a landslide. No escape from reality.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	3
Open your eyes. Look up to the skies and see.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	4
I'm just a poor boy. I need no sympathy.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	5
Because I'm easy come, easy go. Little high, little low.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	6
Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me ...{ to me ...}	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	7
Mama, just killed a man.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	8
Put a gun against his head. Pulled my trigger, now he's dead.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	9
Mama, life had just begun. But now, I've gone and thrown it all away.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	10
Mama, didn't mean to make you cry.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	11
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow ... carry on, carry on{ as if nothing really matters}.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	12
Too late, my time has come.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	13
Sends shivers down my spine. Body's aching all the time.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	14
Goodbye, everybody. I've got to go.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	15
Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	16
Mama, I don't wanna die.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	17
I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	18
I see a little silhouetto of a man,	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	19
Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	20
Thunderbolt and lightning!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	21
Very, very frightening me!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	22
(Galileo!) Galileo.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	23
Galileo Figaro magnifico{-o-o-o-o}!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	24
I'm just a poor boy and nobody loves me.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	25
He's just a poor boy from a poor family!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	26
Spare him his life from this monstrosity!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	27
Easy come, easy go. Will you let me go?	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	28
Bismillah. No! We will not let you go.{ (Let him go!)}	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	29
Bismillah. We will not let you go.{ (Let me go!)}	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	30
Will not let you go.{ (Let me go!)}	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	31
Never, never let you go!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	32
Never, never let me go{-o-o-o-o}!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	33
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	34
Oh, mama mia, mama mia,	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	35
Mama mia, let me go!	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	36
Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me ...{ for me ... for me!}	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	37
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	38
So you think you can love me and leave me to die?	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	39
Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	40
Just gotta get out. Just gotta get right outta here.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	41
Nothing really matters.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	42
Anyone can see ... nothing really matters.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	43
Nothing really matters ... to me.	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	44
Any way the wind blows ...	Bohemian Rhapsody	Queen	45
Hey Jude ... don't make it bad.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	1
Take a sad song and make it better.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	2
Remember to let her into your heart.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	3
Then you can start to make it better.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	4
Hey Jude ... don't be afraid.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	5
You were made to go out and get her{ the minute you let her under your skin}.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	6
Then you begin to make it better.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	7
And anytime you feel the pain ... hey, Jude, refrain.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	8
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders ...	Hey Jude	The Beatles	9
For, well, you know that it's a fool who plays it cool{ by making his world a little colder}.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	10
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	11
Nah, nah, nah, nah!	Hey Jude	The Beatles	12
Hey Jude ... don't let me down.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	13
You have found her. Now, go and get her.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	14
So let it out and let it in.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	15
Hey, Jude ... begin.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	16
You're waiting for someone to perform with.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	17
And don't you know that it's just you?	Hey Jude	The Beatles	18
Hey, Jude ... you'll do.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	19
You'll do.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	20
The movement you need is on your shoulder.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	21
Yeah ...	Hey Jude	The Beatles	22
Remember to let her under your skin.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	23
Then you'll begin to make it better.{ Better, better, better, better, better!}	Hey Jude	The Beatles	24
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ...	Hey Jude	The Beatles	25
Nah ... nah, nah, nah nah nah nah!	Hey Jude	The Beatles	26
Hey, Jude.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	27
Jude, Jude! A-Jude-a, Jude-a, Jude-a, Jude-a!	Hey Jude	The Beatles	28
(Whoo! Nah, nah, nah!)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	29
Nah nah nah nah!	Hey Jude	The Beatles	30
Hey, Jude.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	31
(Jude, Jude! Jude, Jude, Juuude ...)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	32
(You know you can make it! You're Jude, you're not gonna break it!)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	33
(Don't make it bad, Jude.)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	34
(Take a sad song and make it better!)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	35
(Jude. Hey, Jude! Waaaaaaaaa-haaaaa!)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	36
(Oooooh, Jude ...)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	37
(Hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah! Hey ...)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	38
A-nah nah nah ...	Hey Jude	The Beatles	39
Nah nah nah nah!	Hey Jude	The Beatles	40
Hey, Jude.	Hey Jude	The Beatles	41
(A-nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah!)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	42
(Yeah! Hey, hey, hey, hey. He-eeey ...)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	43
(Make it through!)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	44
(Gonnalkjajkfdshgd-ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ...)	Hey Jude	The Beatles	45
Load up on guns. Bring your friends.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	1
It's fun to lose and to pretend.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	2
She's overboard and self-assured.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	3
Oh, no. I know -- a dirty word.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	4
Hello, hello, hello. How low?	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	5
Hello, hello, hello.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	6
With the lights out, it's less dangerous!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	7
Here we are now. Entertain us!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	8
Entertain us!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	9
I feel stupid and contagious.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	10
A mulato. An albino!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	11
A mosquito. My libido!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	12
Yay! Hey. Yay.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	13
I'm worse at what I do best{, and for this gift, I feel blessed}.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	14
Our little group has always been, and always will until the end.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	15
And I forget just why I taste{ -- oh, yeah. I guess it makes me smile}.	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	16
I found it hard. It's hard to find.{ Oh, well, whatever. Never mind.}	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	17
A denial!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	18
A deniaaaaal!	Smells Like Teen Spirit	Nirvana	19
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day.	Time	Pink Floyd	1
Fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way.	Time	Pink Floyd	2
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown.	Time	Pink Floyd	3
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way.	Time	Pink Floyd	4
Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain.	Time	Pink Floyd	5
You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today.	Time	Pink Floyd	6
And then one day, you find ten years have got behind you.	Time	Pink Floyd	7
No one told you when to run. You missed the starting gun.	Time	Pink Floyd	8
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun, but it's sinking.	Time	Pink Floyd	9
Racing around to come up behind you again.	Time	Pink Floyd	10
The sun is the same in a relative way, but you're older{, shorter of breath, and one day closer to death!}	Time	Pink Floyd	11
Every year is getting shorter. Never seem to find the time.	Time	Pink Floyd	12
Plans that either come to naught, or half a page of scribbled lines.	Time	Pink Floyd	13
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.	Time	Pink Floyd	14
The time is gone. The song is over. Thought I'd something more to say.	Time	Pink Floyd	15
Home. Home again.{ I like to be here when I can.}	Time	Pink Floyd	16
When I come home, cold and tired, it's good to warm my bones beside the fire.	Time	Pink Floyd	17
Far away across the field, the tolling of the iron bell calls the faithful to their knees{ to hear the softly spoken magic spell} ...	Time	Pink Floyd	18
One, two, three! Uh!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	1
My baby don't mess around because she loves me so, and this I know fo' sho'.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	2
But does she really wanna? But can't stand to see me.{ Walk out the do'.}	Hey Ya!	Outkast	3
Don't try to fight the feelin', 'cause the thought alone is killing me right now.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	4
Thank god for mom and dad for sticking two together.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	5
Hey ... ya ..... Hey ya ...	Hey Ya!	Outkast	6
You think you've got it. Oh, you think you've got it.{ But got it just don't get it 'til there's nothing at aaaaall ...}	Hey Ya!	Outkast	7
We get together. Oh, we get together.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	8
But separate's always better when there's feelings invooooooolved ...	Hey Ya!	Outkast	9
If what they say is "Nothing is forever" ...	Hey Ya!	Outkast	10
Why you are we so in denial when we know we're not happy here?	Hey Ya!	Outkast	11
Y'all don't want me here. You just wanna dance.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	12
Don't want to meet yo' daddy.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	13
Don't want to meet yo' mama.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	14
I'm -- I'm just bein' honest.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	15
Now, what's cooler than bein' cool?	Hey Ya!	Outkast	16
I say what's, what's cooler than bein' cool?	Hey Ya!	Outkast	17
Alright, alright, alright, alright.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	18
Now we gon' break this thing down in just a few seconds.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	19
Now don't have me to break this thing down for nothin'!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	20
Now I wanna see y'all on your baddest behaviour!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	21
Lend me some sugar! I am your neighbour!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	22
Here we go!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	23
Oh, oh!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	24
Shake it. Shake it like a Polaroid picture.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	25
You got to shake it. Shake it. Skake it. Got to shake it.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	26
Shake it, sugar!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	27
Shake it like a Polaroid picture.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	28
Now all Beyonce's, and Lucy Liu's, and baby dolls, get on the floor.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	29
Get on the floor!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	30
You know what to do.	Hey Ya!	Outkast	31
Shake it like a Polaroid picture!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	32
You know what to do!	Hey Ya!	Outkast	33
Do you have the time to listen to me whine about nothing and everything all at once?	Basket Case	Green Day	1
I am one of those melodramatic fools.{ Neurotic to the bone, no doubt about it.}	Basket Case	Green Day	2
Sometimes I give myself the creeps. Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me.	Basket Case	Green Day	3
It all keeps adding up. I think I'm cracking up!	Basket Case	Green Day	4
Am I just paranoid? Am I just stoned?	Basket Case	Green Day	5
I went to a shrink to analyze my dreams.	Basket Case	Green Day	6
She says it's lack of sex that's bringing me down.	Basket Case	Green Day	7
I went to a whore who said my life's a bore, so quit my whining 'cause it's bringing her down!	Basket Case	Green Day	8
Grasping to control, so I better hold on.	Basket Case	Green Day	9
It's ... not ... easy having yourself a good time.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	1
Greasing up those bets and betters, watching out they don't four-letter ...{ fuck and kiss you both at the same time.}	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	2
Smells like something I've forgotten. Curled up died, and now it's rotten.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	3
I'm not a gangster tonight. Don't want to be a bad guy.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	4
I'm just a loner, baby, and now you're gotten in my way.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	5
I can't decide whether you should live or die.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	6
Oh, you'll probably go to heaven. Please don't hang your head and cry.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	7
No wonder why my heart feels dead inside{ -- it's cold and hard and petrified}.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	8
Lock the doors and close the blinds. We're going for a ride.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	9
It's ... a ... bitch convincing people to like you.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	10
If I stop now, call me a quitter. If lies were cats, you'd be litter.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	11
Pleasing everyone isn't like you.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	12
Dancing jigs until I'm crippled. Slug ten drinks -- I won't get pickled.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	13
I've got to hand it to you: you've played by all the same rules.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	14
It takes the truth to fool me, and now you've made me angry.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	15
Oh, I could throw you in the lake or feed you poisoned birthday cake.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	16
I wont deny I'm gonna miss you when you're gone.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	17
Oh, I could bury you alive, but you might crawl out with a knife and kill me when I'm sleeping.	I Can't Decide	Scissor Sisters	18
Doo-doo-doo, doo, doo-doo.	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	1
Doo-doo-doo, doo, doo-doo!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	2
Everybody wants to be a master. Everybody wants show their skills.	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	3
Everybody wants to get there faster. Make their way to the top of the hills.	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	4
Each time you try, gonna get just a little bit better.	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	5
Each step you climb is one more step up the ladder!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	6
It's a whole new world we live in. It's a whole new way to see.	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	7
It's a whole new place with a brand new attitude, but you still gotta catch 'em all{, and be the best that you can be}!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	8
And be the best that you can be!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	9
Everybody wants make a statement! Everybody needs to carve their mark!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	10
To stand alone in the victory circle, state their claim when the music starts!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	11
Give it all you've got! You can be the very best ever!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	12
Take your best shot! What you've learned will come together!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	13
POKEMON JOHTO!	Pokemon Johto	Pokemon	14
In darkness, we do what we can.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	1
In daylight, we're oblivion.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	2
Our hearts, so raw and clear, are turning away ... turning away from here.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	3
On the water, we have walked like the fearless child.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	4
What was fastened, we've unlocked, revealing wondrous wild.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	5
And in search of confirmation, we have jumped into the fire, and scrambled with our burning feet through uncontrollable desire.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	6
There's a well upon the hill from our ancient past, where an age is standing, still holding strong and fast.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	7
And there's those that try to tame it, and to carve it into stone.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	8
Ah, but words cannot extinguish it however hard they're thrown.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	9
And in darkness, we do what we can.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	10
On Loch Etive, they have worked with their highland dreams.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	11
By Kilcrennan, they have nourished in the mountain streams.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	12
And in searching for acceptance, they had given it away.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	13
Only the children of their children know the price they had to pay.	Turning Away	Dougie Maclean	14
Through the gates of hell, as we make our way to heaven ...	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	1
Through the Nazi lines ...	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	2
Primo Victoria!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	3
We've been training for years. Now we're ready to strike as the great operation begins.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	4
We're the first wave on the shore. We're the first ones to fall!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	5
Yet soldiers have fallen before.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	6
In the dawn they will pay with their lives as the price!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	7
History's written today.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	8
In this burning inferno, know that nothing remains as our forces advance on the beach.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	9
Aiming for heaven, though serving in hell, victory is ours.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	10
Their forces will fall!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	11
On the 6th of June, on the shores of western Europe 1944, D-Day upon us!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	12
We've been here before, used to this kind of war: crossfire grind through the sand.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	13
Our orders were easy: it's kill or be killed!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	14
Blood on both sides will be spilled.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	15
Now that we are at war with the Axis again, this time we know what will come.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	16
6th of June, 1944! Allies are turning the war.	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	17
Normandy, state of anarchy! Overlord!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	18
On the 6th of June, on the shores of western Europe 1944 -- Primo Victoria!	Primo Victoria	Sabaton	19
Versace, Versace, Medusa head on me like I'm 'Luminati.	Versace	Migos	1
I--I--I know that you like it, Versace, my neck and my wrist is so sloppy.	Versace	Migos	2
{V-V-V-}Versace, Versace, I love it, Versace, the top of my Audi.	Versace	Migos	3
My plug, he John Gotti, he give me the dozen, I know that they're mighty.	Versace	Migos	4
Goin' be checkin' it!	Versace	Migos	5
Whoa.	Versace	Migos	6
I mean I just left the Versace store.	Versace	Migos	7
Versace, Versace,	Versace	Migos	8
Whoo.	Versace	Migos	9
(HOOD RICH.)	Versace	Migos	10
Shoes and shirt Versace -- your bitch want in on my pockets.	Versace	Migos	11
She ask me why my drawers silk. I told that bitch, "Versace."	Versace	Migos	12
Cheetah print on my sleeve, but I ain't ever been in the jungle.	Versace	Migos	13
Try to take my sack. Better run with it, nigga -- don't fumble.	Versace	Migos	14
Get that new Truey -- I do it Versace.	Versace	Migos	15
You copped the Honda -- I copped the Mazi.	Versace	Migos	16
You smoke the mid -- I smoke exotic.	Versace	Migos	17
I set the trend -- you niggas copy.	Versace	Migos	18
Cooking the dope, like I work at Hibachi,	Versace	Migos	19
Lookin' and watchin', blow it hot like some Taki.	Versace	Migos	20
Come in my room, my sheet Versace	Versace	Migos	21
When I go to sleep, I dream Versace.	Versace	Migos	22
Medusa, Medusa, Medusa	Versace	Migos	23
These niggas, they wishing they knew ya.	Versace	Migos	24
They coppin' the Truey, remixing the Louie.	Versace	Migos	25
My blunts is fat as Repuschia.	Versace	Migos	26
Different stripped shirt like I'm Tony the Tiger.	Versace	Migos	27
I'm beating the pot -- call me Michael.	Versace	Migos	28
None of you niggas can copy.	Versace	Migos	29
Look at my closet: Versace, Versace.	Versace	Migos	30
King of Versace, Medusa my wallet.	Versace	Migos	31
My car is Versace, tiger stripes on my Mazi.	Versace	Migos	32
I'm dressing so nice, they can't even copy.	Versace	Migos	33
You think I'm Egyptian, this gold on my body.	Versace	Migos	34
My money my mission, two bitches they kissing my diamonds.	Versace	Migos	35
Is pissin', my swag is exquisite.	Versace	Migos	36
No offset, no preacher, but you niggas listen: them blue and white diamonds -- they look like the Pistons.	Versace	Migos	37
Codeine sippin', Versace, I'm gripping them bands in my pocket.	Versace	Migos	38
You know that I'm living.	Versace	Migos	39
I'm draped up in gold, but no pharaoh.	Versace	Migos	40
Rockin' handcuffs, that's Ferragamo.	Versace	Migos	41
Bricks by the boat -- overload.	Versace	Migos	42
I'm think I'm the don, but no Rocko.	Versace	Migos	43
This the life that I chose.	Versace	Migos	44
Bought out the store -- can't go back no more.	Versace	Migos	45
Versace my clothes, while I'm sellin' them bows.	Versace	Migos	46
Versace took over. It took out my soul.	Versace	Migos	47